Doctor, how is my second uncle?
Lord Qin is a very rare giant
The old man has tried his best
As for when he wakes up
Damn it, don't let me know who he is
Otherwise, I won't let him go.
How deep does it involve sleeping in the dark?
Zhang Ji is a second-rank official
As a result, the Zhang family died
Now it's my Qin family's turn
I just received the decree
How is the second minister?
Taking care of my dad
Big brother, what happened?
Why was my father poisoned?
Could this be Zhang Qiang?
Will not
Just got the news.
Zhang Zhijie has died tragically for breeding
What Zhang Zhijie died
How is that possible?
The people involved in the sex tax camp case didn't end well
It's better not to let them know about this.
I remember something.
This was left to me by my father when he was caught
What else did the second uncle say?
organ box
Father Murphy preview is related to this thing
Maybe, but how do I open this?
Hey don't look at me
I am a reader
Won't unlock
Could it be that
It is related to the clues left by the second uncle's investigation of the tax and bank case
This is obviously a hot potato
The other party may also be here for this
What do you mean, bro?
I'll give you this box.